the Lord came to me again son of man say
the Lord came to me again son of man say to the Prince of Tyre thus says the Lord
to the Prince of Tyre thus says the Lord
to the Prince of Tyre thus says the Lord God because your heart is lifted up and
God because your heart is lifted up and
God because your heart is lifted up and you say I am a God I sit in the seat of
you say I am a God I sit in the seat of
you say I am a God I sit in the seat of gods in the midst of the Seas yet you
gods in the midst of the Seas yet you
gods in the midst of the Seas yet you are a man and not a God though you set
are a man and not a God though you set
are a man and not a God though you set your heart as the heart of a God behold
your heart as the heart of a God behold
your heart as the heart of a God behold you are wiser than Daniel there is no
you are wiser than Daniel there is no
you are wiser than Daniel there is no secret that can be hidden from you with
secret that can be hidden from you with
secret that can be hidden from you with your wisdom and your understanding you
your wisdom and your understanding you
your wisdom and your understanding you have gained riches for yourself and
have gained riches for yourself and
have gained riches for yourself and gathered gold and silver into your
gathered gold and silver into your
gathered gold and silver into your Treasuries by your great wisdom in trade
Treasuries by your great wisdom in trade
Treasuries by your great wisdom in trade you have increased your riches and your
you have increased your riches and your
you have increased your riches and your heart has lifted up because of your
heart has lifted up because of your
heart has lifted up because of your riches therefore thus says the Lord God
riches therefore thus says the Lord God
riches therefore thus says the Lord God because you have set your heart as the
because you have set your heart as the
because you have set your heart as the heart of a God behold therefore I will
heart of a God behold therefore I will
heart of a God behold therefore I will bring strangers against you the most
bring strangers against you the most
bring strangers against you the most terrible of the nations and they shall
terrible of the nations and they shall
terrible of the nations and they shall draw their swords against the beauty of
draw their swords against the beauty of
draw their swords against the beauty of your wisdom and defile your splendor
your wisdom and defile your splendor
your wisdom and defile your splendor they shall throw you down into the pit
they shall throw you down into the pit
they shall throw you down into the pit and you shall die the death of the slain
and you shall die the death of the slain
and you shall die the death of the slain in the midst of the Seas will you still
in the midst of the Seas will you still
in the midst of the Seas will you still say before him who slays you I am a god
say before him who slays you I am a god
say before him who slays you I am a god but you shall be a man and not a God in
but you shall be a man and not a God in
but you shall be a man and not a God in the hand of him who slays you you shall
the hand of him who slays you you shall
the hand of him who slays you you shall die the death of the uncircumcised by
die the death of the uncircumcised by
die the death of the uncircumcised by the hand of aliens for I have spoken
the hand of aliens for I have spoken
the hand of aliens for I have spoken moreover the word of the Lord came to me
moreover the word of the Lord came to me
moreover the word of the Lord came to me saying son of man take up a lamentation
saying son of man take up a lamentation
saying son of man take up a lamentation for the king of Tyre and say to him thus
for the king of Tyre and say to him thus
for the king of Tyre and say to him thus says the Lord God you were the seal of
says the Lord God you were the seal of
says the Lord God you were the seal of perfection full of wisdom and perfect in
perfection full of wisdom and perfect in
perfection full of wisdom and perfect in beauty you were in Eden the garden of
beauty you were in Eden the garden of
beauty you were in Eden the garden of God every precious stone was your
God every precious stone was your
God every precious stone was your covering the sardius topaz and diamund
covering the sardius topaz and diamund
covering the sardius topaz and diamund Beryl onyx and jasper sapphire turquoise
Beryl onyx and jasper sapphire turquoise
Beryl onyx and jasper sapphire turquoise and emerald with gold the workmanship of
and emerald with gold the workmanship of
and emerald with gold the workmanship of your timbrels and pipes was prepared for
your timbrels and pipes was prepared for
your timbrels and pipes was prepared for you on the day you were created
you on the day you were created
you on the day you were created you were the anointed cherub who covers
you were the anointed cherub who covers
you were the anointed cherub who covers I established you you were on the holy
I established you you were on the holy
I established you you were on the holy mountain of God you walked back and
mountain of God you walked back and
mountain of God you walked back and forth in the midst of fiery stones you
forth in the midst of fiery stones you
forth in the midst of fiery stones you were perfect in your ways from the day
were perfect in your ways from the day
were perfect in your ways from the day you were created till iniquity was found
you were created till iniquity was found
you were created till iniquity was found in you by the abundance of your trading
in you by the abundance of your trading
in you by the abundance of your trading you became filled with violence within
you became filled with violence within
you became filled with violence within and you sinned therefore I cast you as a
and you sinned therefore I cast you as a
and you sinned therefore I cast you as a profane thing out of the mountain of God
profane thing out of the mountain of God
profane thing out of the mountain of God and I destroyed you O covering cherub
and I destroyed you O covering cherub
and I destroyed you O covering cherub from the midst of the fiery stones your
from the midst of the fiery stones your
from the midst of the fiery stones your heart was lifted up because of your
heart was lifted up because of your
heart was lifted up because of your beauty you corrupted your wisdom for the
beauty you corrupted your wisdom for the
beauty you corrupted your wisdom for the sake of your splendor I cast you to the
sake of your splendor I cast you to the
sake of your splendor I cast you to the ground
ground
ground I laid you before Kings that they might
I laid you before Kings that they might
I laid you before Kings that they might gaze at you you defiled your sanctuaries
gaze at you you defiled your sanctuaries
gaze at you you defiled your sanctuaries by the multitude of your iniquities by
by the multitude of your iniquities by
by the multitude of your iniquities by the iniquity of your trading therefore I
the iniquity of your trading therefore I
the iniquity of your trading therefore I brought fire from your midst it devoured
brought fire from your midst it devoured
brought fire from your midst it devoured you
you
you and I turned you to ashes upon the earth
and I turned you to ashes upon the earth
and I turned you to ashes upon the earth in the sight of all who saw you all who
in the sight of all who saw you all who
in the sight of all who saw you all who knew you among the peoples are
knew you among the peoples are
knew you among the peoples are astonished at you you have become a
astonished at you you have become a
astonished at you you have become a horror and shall be known more forever
horror and shall be known more forever
horror and shall be known more forever then the word of the Lord came to me
then the word of the Lord came to me
then the word of the Lord came to me saying son of man set your face towards
saying son of man set your face towards
saying son of man set your face towards Sidon and prophesy against her and say
Sidon and prophesy against her and say
Sidon and prophesy against her and say thus says the Lord God behold I am
thus says the Lord God behold I am
thus says the Lord God behold I am against you O Sidon I will be glorified
against you O Sidon I will be glorified
against you O Sidon I will be glorified in your midst and they shall know that I
in your midst and they shall know that I
in your midst and they shall know that I am the Lord when I execute judgments in
am the Lord when I execute judgments in
am the Lord when I execute judgments in her and am hallowed in her for I will
her and am hallowed in her for I will
her and am hallowed in her for I will send pestilence upon her and blood in
send pestilence upon her and blood in
send pestilence upon her and blood in her streets the wounded shall be judged
her streets the wounded shall be judged
her streets the wounded shall be judged in her midst by the sword against her on
in her midst by the sword against her on
in her midst by the sword against her on every side then they shall know that I
every side then they shall know that I
every side then they shall know that I am the Lord and there shall no longer be
am the Lord and there shall no longer be
am the Lord and there shall no longer be a pricking Brier or a painful thorn for
a pricking Brier or a painful thorn for
a pricking Brier or a painful thorn for the house of Israel from among all who
the house of Israel from among all who
the house of Israel from among all who are around them who despised them then
are around them who despised them then
are around them who despised them then they shall know that I am the Lord God
they shall know that I am the Lord God
they shall know that I am the Lord God thus says the Lord God when I have
thus says the Lord God when I have
thus says the Lord God when I have gathered the house of Israel from the
gathered the house of Israel from the
gathered the house of Israel from the peoples among whom they are scattered
peoples among whom they are scattered
peoples among whom they are scattered and AM hallowed in them in the sight of
and AM hallowed in them in the sight of
and AM hallowed in them in the sight of the Gentiles then they will dwell in
the Gentiles then they will dwell in
the Gentiles then they will dwell in their own land which I gave to my
their own land which I gave to my
their own land which I gave to my servant Jacob and they will dwell safely
servant Jacob and they will dwell safely
servant Jacob and they will dwell safely there build houses and plant vineyards
there build houses and plant vineyards
there build houses and plant vineyards yes they will dwell securely when I
yes they will dwell securely when I
yes they will dwell securely when I execute judgments on all those around
execute judgments on all those around
execute judgments on all those around them who despise them then they shall
them who despise them then they shall
them who despise them then they shall know that I
know that I
know that I I belonged there God